Homework Questions 2
2.1.5
1. The central processor unit (CPU) contains registers and what other basic elements?
The central processing unit contains contorl unit, arithmetical logical unit, the clock.

2. The central processor unit is connected to the rest of the computer system using what three buses?
The central processing unit using the Data bus, Address bus, and the control bus.

3. Why does memory access take more machine cycles than register access?
Registers are  closer to the CPU, they are hard-wired inside the CPU so takes less time to process register access
request, therefore memory access take more machine cycle when compared to the register access.

4. What are the three basic steps in the instruction execution cycle?
The three basic steps are Fetch, decode, and Execute.

5. Which two additional steps are required in the instruction execution cycle when a memory
operand is used?
The two additional steps are fetch operands and store operands.

2.4.3
5. What is the purpose of the 8259A PIC controller?
 Fuction of 8259 is to combine the multiple interrupts into a single interrupt, allowing that without 
 loss of time.
 
2.5.2
1. Of the four levels of input/output in a computer system, which is the most universal and portable?
The application program level is the most portable and universal.

3. Why are device drivers necessary, given that the BIOS already has code that communicates with the 
computer’s hardware?
A device driver provides the interface between the operatinf system and the hardware device so that the device is 
able to function properly.

4. In the example regarding displaying a string of characters, which level exists between the operating
system and the video controller card?
The BIOS level exists between the operating system and the video controller card.

5. Is it likely that the BIOS for a computer running MS-Windows would be different from that used by a
computer running Linux?
BIOS remains the same for all operating system running on that computer, such as a computer running MS-Windoes 
and a computer running LINUX.

2.8
7. Which part of the CPU performs floating-point arithmetic?
The math coprocessoe is used to carry out floating-point numbers.

8. On a 32-bit processor, how many bits are contained in each floating-point data register?
80 bits

9. (True/False):The x86-64 instruction set i sbackward-compatible with the x86 instruction set.
True

10. (True/False): In current 64-bit chip implementations, all 64 bits are used for addressing.
False

12. (True/False): Static RAM is usually less expensive than dynamic RAM.
False

19.(True/False): A bus is a plastic cable that is attached to the motherboard at both ends, but
does not sit directly on the motherboard.
False

20.(True/False): CMOS RAM is the same as static RAM, meaning that it holds its value with
out any extra power or refresh cycles.
False

25. At which level(s) can an assembly language program manipulate input/output?
Hardware, BIOS Function, Operating System Fuction, and Library.

26. Why do game programs often send their sound output directly to the sound card’s hardware ports?
Games are programmed to be able to directly access the computer's hardware, for example the sound cards 
are designed in ways that games can take advantage of this feature. 
